# SeedSigner SettingsQR Generator


## Quick Start
The SettingsQR Generator is just a bunch of static files that you can run in two different ways:

* Access the online hosted version at https://kdmukai.github.io/seedsigner-settings-generator/
* Or download the files yourself and run it in a completely offline web browser

### Download and run offline
If you prefer the offline method, get a local copy of this github repo by clicking on the green "code" button.

* If you have `git` installed, you can `git clone https://github.com/kdmukai/seedsigner-settings-generator.git`
* Or you can choose the "Download Zip" option

At this point you can disconnect your computer from the internet (or transfer the project files over to your air-gapped computer).

To run the SettingsQR Generator, just double-click on docs/index.html.


---

## Developers
To make deeper changes to the SettingsQR Generator, you'll want to pull the repo with the `--recursive` option so that it includes the core SeedSigner repo as well:
```
git clone --recursive https://github.com/kdmukai/seedsigner-settings-generator.git
```

<details>
    <summary>Note: If you don't include `--recursive`...</summary>
    You'll need to make two follow-up calls:

    ```
    git submodule init
    git submodule update --remote
    ```
</details>

You should now have a complete copy of the SeedSigner repo in your `src/` subdir.

### Updating changes from `SettingsDefinition` in the SeedSigner repo
The static html looks for [`docs/settings_definition.json`](docs/settings_definition.json) which describes all information needed about each possible setting. No individual settings are hard-coded in this repo!

This definition file is directly generated by the `seedsigner/models/settings_definition.py` file that is part of the main SeedSigner repo. So any time a change is made in `SettingsDefinition` in SeedSigner, you'll need to regenerate the `settings_definition.json` in order for the SettingsQR Generator to pick up the change.

Assuming you have a `python3` executable installed, just run the [`src/generate_json.sh`](src/generate_json.sh) script. The script tells `SettingsDefinition` to extract itself to json and then moves the resulting `settings_definition.json` file to the `docs/` subdir where `index.html` can read it.


### Targeting the SeedSigner submodule to your own repo or branch
If you need to update the SettingsQR Generator with settings changes in your SeedSigner branch, you'll need to make sure that the `.gitmodules` is pointing to the right repo and target branch:
```
[submodule "src/seedsigner"]
	path = src/seedsigner
	url = https://github.com/kdmukai/seedsigner.git
	branch = settings_definition
```

Once your changes are made, you need to tell `git` to pull the new repo or branch:
```
git submodule update --remote
```


---
#### Attribution
*This repo started as a fork from [@davidshimjs](https://github.com/davidshimjs)'s [qrcodejs](https://github.com/davidshimjs/qrcodejs) but I have since detached my fork as I changed the repo structure and am unlikely to have any PRs from or to the original. @davidshimjs's original [LICENSE](LICENSE) remains as-is from the original repo.*